they're everyone's favorite fishes it's
fish how you making fun of me
Oscar oscar the sharkslayer everyone's
favorite company did you get hello and
now you can join them at everyone's big
o dick stop duckie yeah yo dig it short
- I've Ben Stiller hi hey how's it going
I'll tell you how it's going it's going
very well because I'm about to give you
a heads up look at this new wild wild
new movie called Madagascar Madagascar
it's an amazing fantastic computer
animated comedy adventure from
DreamWorks what is it about it's about
four friends we all live next door to
each other
New York Central Park Zoo I play the
king of New York there's one thing I've
learned as a lifelong New Yorker it's
never trust your instincts and then
there's my best friend Marty the zebra
played by Chris Rock I don't know this
place is crackalacking
and then there's Gloria playing this big
fat gorgeous hippo is the small thin
gorgeous Jada pinkett-smith you don't
mess with Gloria don't make me come up
there
get the whooping on Buffy off and then
there's this guy the most neurotic
animal ever
mel-min the giraffe he's played by David
Schwimmer who we all know from that TV
show that I can't
okay okay you know how fiction and I
have to get up every two hours oh my
okay so we're all happy living in the
zoo everything's cool next thing we know
what are you guys doing do you think I'm
trying to god yeah you keep a secret my
monochromatic bed do you ever see any
penguins running through New York City
of course not we don't belong here it's
just not natural we're going to the
wide-open spaces of Antarctica to the
wild sounds great
didn't see anything right yes sir and
then next thing we know Bam Bam we're
boxed up and crates similar to the ones
I'm standing in front of and we're put
on a ship to somewhere we got no idea
where what is going on well it great to
transfer it's a zoo transcript transfer
transfer I have an appointment with dr.
Goldberg now there are Melvin
I'm not going in turbo and then we wash
up on the shore of Madagascar which is
how that ties into the title now where
is Madagascar well you make a right on
57th Street and you go east and you just
keep going east it's an island off the
coast of Africa it's purple but not in
real life not a pretty picture but it's
an amazing movie really Madagascar is
unlike anything you've ever seen
you'll love it trust me trust me get it
off go into DVD a video this December
climb into the driver seat
the most advanced rescue vehicles go
there is a service baby's clothes
there's nothing to it really
to DVD and video this December